have you ever sat through a presentation
and you wondered when is this going to
end it's boring I can't keep my
attention because the speaker is not
engaging me maybe there was a lack of
visual variety as well well don't fear
there is a presentation style called
Pacha cucha which essentially means
chitchat in Japanese and the concept
behind pachucha was to keep an audience
attention with various visuals that
reoccur on a consistent basis this idea
came from a couple of Architects their
names were astred kleene and Mark deam
and they were sick of sitting through
presentations where people would go on
and on and on seemingly with no end in
sight what they understood was that
people's attention spans are short short
in fact the average human attention span
is only about
8.5 seconds and so with that in mind you
know that you have to be continually
re-engaging your audience in order for
something to stick and for them to
really understand your message so the
idea with pachucha is that every 20
seconds there's a new slide and there's
a total of 20 different slides what this
means is that it's a 6 minute and 40
second presentation with consistent
visuals that are going to be changing
every 20 seconds and that's great but
you still need to build a great speech
it's not enough to Simply have visuals
that are moving beside you or behind you
on a consistent basis you want to
construct a great speech with a
beginning a middle and an end and the
first thing to remember is that you have
to capture the audience's attention
early you have to hook their attention
and you can do that with a great
introduction for this video presentation
I started with a powerful question
asking you if you would sat through a
boring presentation you can ask a
question give a statement or tell a
story the next thing you want to do is
make your audience laugh early because
the earlier your audience can laugh or
smile it's going to relax them and then
when you hear the laughter from your
audience that is going to give you a
boost of confidence which will help
reduce any nerves you're
experiencing what's important to
remember if you are incorporating humor
is that you leave spaces or gaps so
maybe you're telling some form of story
you might have to have multiple slides
that represent that story because 20
seconds goes by really quickly but the
reason you want to tell a story is
because stories are remembered 22 times
more than facts alone which is a really
powerful way for your audience to
remember the important things that
you're going to talk about is to attach
a story to those particular things now
one great thing about stories is that we
don't have to write notes down because
we probably know that story very well
and with pachucha our slides sort of act
as our notes what I suggest is that you
have a visual in front of you so you're
not constantly looking back at your
slides but those different visuals will
guide you along the way now any great
speech needs to have a great conclusion
and the best conclusions come full
circle the idea here is that the first
thing you mention in your speech should
be referenced at the very end to bring
everything together so that's great
we've talked about constructing a great
speech but how do you keep your
audience's attention while you deliver
that presentation and there's three
numbers I want you to remember
55% is how a message is communicated
relying on body language body language
is so incredibly important so a couple
body language tips when it comes to
giving a great presentation as I
mentioned before you don't want to be
looking back at your slides and petuch
so what you can do is have a laptop with
an HDMI cord in front of you and your
laptop will act as a comfort monitor so
you can look forward to see where you
are the next tip is to not have too many
words on your slides because if the
audience only has 20 seconds to look at
a slide they're going to be reading too
much text if there are a lot of words
there instead you want a powerful visual
that goes along and enhances what you're
talking talking about those are a couple
body language tips but then 38% that
second number has to do with our vocal
tone and variety from time to time we
want to get loud or bring our voice down
when a story adds something that's
especially emotional or something that
we want to keep the audience's attention
so 55 38 represent body language of
vocal variety only 7% represents words
and the biggest tip I have here is to
eliminate filler words um a so like and
but these are unnecessary and don't add
any quality to your speech the biggest
key with pachucha is to practice whether
that's in a mirror whether that's
recording yourself whether that's at a
toast Master's club or perhaps in front
of family members or friends get used to
the slide Cadence and you will be able
to crush it and capture your audience's
attention and I find it fitting that
this pachucha SP style came from Japan
where it is busy so many people there so
difficult to stand out to capture the
audience's attention but what pachucha
allows us to do is create speeches that
are almost an art form no longer will
your audience be wondering when is this
going to end they will be engaged they
will know that there's different visuals
coming and you will get that standing
ovation you deserve I hope this
presentation on how to complete a great
Pacha cucha presentation has been
helpful to you as you may have noticed I
tried to do the entire thing in the
pachucha style let me know what your
thoughts were if you haven't yet
subscribed to my Channel please do so
and up on the screen you're going to see
a video talking about why body language
is so incred incredibly important I was
only able to touch on it briefly in this
video so check out that video that is
popping up it's going to be somewhere on
your screen to know more about body
language and a special shout out to the
individual who asked me to look into
pachucha and create a video on this I
love this art form of speaking and I
hope you learn something from this video